    I admire all the game developers, no matter what kind. producing mobile games, computer games, video games or anything that has to do with games is no easy feat.
There are steps into making games. First is planning, then is creation, after that, you need a company if you do not have one already. Then, as if
doing all those things aren't hard enough, if you are making a board game, you need to find a company to mass produce it, and this doesn't include
the part where you have to teach the player how to play.
    There is first the planning, where you would start off with a story, a mechanic, or just gameplay itself, then you branch off from that, thinking of all the other things 
along the way. But that isn't enough, because you also need to figure out how the players, the board, the scenery, the balance of the mechanics and items that might be in a game,
and all the other details. After that, you need to think if you need other people to help you or not. Whether you do everything yourself, or you hire some other people or get friends
that has the same passion as you or fufills the things that you need in order to make the game, and both has its good sides and bad sides. If you make it yourself, you will need to, at the very least,
learn art. If you want to make a board game, you will also need to learn 3d modeling, sculpting or carving yourself, but if you decide to make a board game with other people, you will need to
give them money. Same goes for digital game decelopment, but with different sets of needs and a bit more of time.
    Then it is time for making the actual game. You will need a space to work the game on, be it a studio, a garage, a basement, or just your bedroom.
You will need patience, time,  money and resources to make it real. It will take a lot of time, and working on the game itself needs a work-life balance, 
because spending a lot of time working on a game, not talking to people will hurt yourself, even if you don't realize it. You will have to find the exploits, loopholes, bugs and glitches that
players can exploit to gain the upper hand, which won't make the game fun for people playing with this player that cheats to get whatever he or she wants, no matter the consequences.
You will also need to make a cover art for the game, which will be the first impression the game will make on the consumer. If it doesn't catch their eye or attention, then 
it wasn't flashy enough. It is best to go all out for making the cover art.
    The third part is the hardest. It is about you publishing everything. you will need a name for the game, a name for your
company, trademark, and a lot of legalities that you have to work out before you put it out into the world. You might even need a company to mass produce the game. You will also think about
the price of the game. You need to make a price that suits the quality of work you and perhaps your company put out because in the consumer's mind,
pricetags set expectations. If you don't get a lot of people downloading or buying your game, you might even have to consider making advertisments.
    It is really hard to make games, and it can be fun, but it is very difficult, and if a game is really bad, the producers might get flak for that, and the people that criticize them
don't think much how much the game developers put into their game, and making one comes in a really high price, both mentally and physically.