I think something that makes someone a good teacher 
is when he or she makes you interested in the material, as
it is the thing that the teacher needs to go off of to teach things
to his or her student.

I think that a lot of times, teachers don't allow a lot of things, which some are understandable, but some are just stupid.
And in turn, if the teachers make a lot of rules and enforce them way to strictly, the students
will come to hate the teacher and not get interested in the material. It is also important
to not have favorites or discriminate against them, because then, the students will get jealous or hate the teacher very much.
Another thing is to make boring things interesting, yet not awkward, which is very hard to get right, and very delicate.
It is as delicate as "you mess one thing up, and everything crumbles". It is also important to not mock the students unless it is not scarring or it doesn't have any way for 
your students for a comeback. It is very humiliating to get mocked by a teacher in front of all your peers because they will laugh at you and spread the word. 
Sooner or later, the student will do something like self harm or something just as bad. Another thing is to not go somewhere you are not supposed to go.
If something happened and nobody wants to say what happened, no matter how bad, don't press on, because students will think you are annoying
and doesn't mind their own business. It is also important to treat them how they want to treat you without telling the students
that you want to be treated like how you treated them. Some other things is to use powerpoints, don't always make it a requirements to work independently or dependently.
Something that is also important is to observe how the students interact with each other, and act accordingly. Put students together with their friends, but not too much so that 
they become too loud, and also giving them opportunities to meet new people, which will spawn, possibly, friendship between everybody in the class, which is also very delicate.
One more thing is to let the students have time to work on work, from no matter what class, at most in groups of 5, because it gives them
a chance to meet new friends and finish homework.