my favorite book would be Scyth, because I think it is creative in a way that i have never seen before.
It takes place in a world where everybody's needs are met. Food, liquids, and everything are given, and
everybody is immortal, where everybody cannot die, unless killed, or gleaned, by a scyth, And all the scyths has to go along 
the scythdom. They can only have a robe, a weapon, and their ring.

The story follows 2 people, Citra and Rowan, that was taken under the wing of scyth Faraday, which he was 
sort of a world renown scyth. They both help each other untill the test, where it will be taken
place within a meeting for scyths. They both fail. Citra fails because she lied to the procter,
and Rowan because he didn't want to let Citra be embarrassed. After the entire test, a scyth known as Goddard
intervenes and says that they will be competing against each other, and the first one to become a scyth will glean the other.
Both of them aren't on board with the idea, but the procter was, and thus began the competition between the both of them.
But next day, Faraday was gleaned, and according the scythdom, Citra and Rowan was not needed to compete against each other, 
or so they thought. They were then taken under the wing of 2 different scyths, Citra to the procter, and Rowan to the one who suggests the idea of them killing
each other. As it turns out, Goddard has a team, a gang, and their gleaning method is mass murder, including little children.
here we are introduced to a thing called immunity. Anybody that has dna on a scyth's ring will have immunity, and the most common way
to grant it is to kiss the ring. Citra and Rowan has a formal sparring competition where the winner gleans the loser and becomes a scyth, but 
Rowan snaps Citra's neck, which was an illegal move, so the sparring was cancelled. After Citra gets revived,
Rowan continues to learn the "art of mass killing" while Citra becomes a fugitive. She then finds out that scyth Faraday faked his death.
Near the end of Rowan's apprenticeship, he kills Goddard and his gang after Goddard insulted one of gang members after he gleaned a bunch of children.
then they both have the showdown, which was they had to see who gleaned better. Citra wins, so when she recieved her ring, she punches Rowan
in the face for snapping her neck in the previous, getting blood all over her. Just when Citra was about to glean her, her ring flashes red, indicating that
Rowan has immunity and can't be gleaned. As it turns out, Citra punched Rowan so that she can have blood all over her, including her ring, and since blood has dna, 
Rowan has immunity. Citra provides a way for Rowan to escape and live with Faraday as the scyths decend into chaos.

I love this book because of its cleverness and originality. never have I ever see a book like this.